## Train Composition Viewer

###Approach for Task 1:
- in order to modernize the UI of the page, a train logo has been added with the descriptive tag line. Table is used to display the train information underneath the heading logo.
- Shades of blue color has been used to make to look appear more user friendly. 
- In my UI I have created a template to display all the train information in a cells of that table. 

###Appoach for Task 2:
- AngularJS Framework has been used in order to interact with JSON API. For populating the Train Numbers from the JSON Object, getTrainNumber function has been called which takes the JSON URL as parameter.
- this function gets the object from the URL and stores the Train numbers into an array called trainInfoArray. Train number is generated by concatenating TrainType and TrainNumber.
- Here, another function is called by the name of getTrainDetails. this functions takes the train Number and populates the rest of the train information from another JSON object.


###Approach for Task 3:
- Function getTrainDetails sets the searched Train Number and Current Date in the URL and then Gets the data from that URL. After that it sets the information in the same array of trainInfoArray. 
- then all the information has been displayed on the same table. if some information was not available in the API's Response, then an error message "Not Available" has been displayed.
- the Speed of the train has also been displayed in the form of status bar to make it easy to understand. for this purpose speedPercentage attribute has been written which devides the speed with 3, because I asumed that the max speed is 300 Km/h.

###Bonus 1:
- the JSON API URL that was provided already has the station search query ran on "SLO", so the query string has been changed to HKI and then the data has been populated.

###Bonus 2:
- To check if the train is currently moving or not, begin Time and End time of the train has been taken from journeySections.beginTimeTableRow.scheduledTime and journeySections.endTimeTableRow.scheduledTime.
- Then a condition have been applied to check that current time is greater than the begin time and less than end time then it has been stated that the train is running otherwise not.

